---
published: true
---
Appreciating the unappreciated!
# #yourstory

We often come across posts on numerous law forums congratulating students on their accomplishments in moots, debates, and ADRs only. Although we appreciate that, we do not appreciate these legal forums missing student accomplishments in other areas such as journals, research, fellowships, and entrepreneurship. Because of the adoration these three activities get, students often believe that doing just moots, debates, and ADRs is the only way to get somewhere. This, though, is not the case. This results in students skipping other (equally prestigious) activities in favor of mooting or compromising on where their research is published. It should be noted that an ISSN, ISBN, or where a journal is indexed does not guarantee the quality, but it does guarantee a lot of money being spent on those matters. This will be addressed in a separate article by us. As a result of all these legal platforms ignoring and merely glorifying those successes, we are launching a website where certain other accomplishments can be highlighted. Our key goal is to build a forum where students can meet like-minded seniors/juniors who share their goals. Don't ever think that your work isn't valuable because it isn't publicized by a particular forum. Breaking stereotypes is something that this generation believes in, and we're just there to help. If you have been accepted to any international conference (a conference hosted by a foreign university), if your article has been published in an international blog, journal, or by an international publisher (such as LexisNexis, Thomson Reuters, Brill, Taylor, and Francis, Sweet and Maxwell, etc.), if you have been awarded an international fellowship, international internship, or research assistantship by a foreign university, professor or a professional, we would love to hear from you. Fill in this google <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdZ8f8wFEw0YWyqijaPZXt-4odgzkV3C_Fg6lccUot1wD2cYA/viewform">form</a> and meet like-minded people.